If we run an application, we have the details page where we are displaying all of the details.
But now we work on the functionality of adding any item to the shopping cart.
And for that, we want to create a table in our database to store a shopping cart for a user.
So we will make sure that when a user clicks on add to cart, they must be signed.
In that way, we can get that user ID of the user.
We have the product data that they want to add, and lush property will be the quantity of the product
they want.
We need to store only those three details in the shopping cart table.
So let me stop the application here and we have a shopping cart in our models.
Let's open that.
As I said before, we need the user ID and shopping cart.
So we will add a string application user ID, and that will be the foreign key to application user.
We already have the product navigation property here, so I would also add a product I.D. and the foreign
key for the navigation property.
Last but not least, we need the primary key off the table, which will be an night by itself, then
for the navigation property.
Let's try to validate, never input.
The Senate goes that way if part of the state.
We do not validate the navigation properties.
This looks good for our shopping cart model.
Let me close everything other than shopping cart and flip and go to data access data application deep
context.
We need to create the deep site for a shopping cart.
Once we do this, we will have to add migration services to add migration and shopping cart to TV,
make sure to change the default project here and attack the migration.
In fact, it is adding the table shopping cart with the constraints of fighting key for application,
user and product that looks scared.
That update the database.
So our shopping cart has been added to the database in the next video.
Let's add that to our repository.